10 more great reasons to join: 
We know what we're doing
AmericanSingles.com has been on the scene since Internet dating began, and with years of experience and happy members getting their friends to join too, we've become one of the most popular sites around. We have new singles joining all the time and thousands of people hooking up every day!
Find whatever you're looking for
AmericanSingles.com is made up of a fun, high-quality group of singles from all walks of life, all backgrounds, all professions and all ages, who are living life to its fullest and looking for others to share their experiences with. Dates, soul mates, friends, and even pen pals galore...take your pick! 
Meet people from around the corner and around the world
AmericanSingles.com makes it easy to meet people outside your usual circle, whether it's in your own home town or across the sea. Just think, you might be walking past your soul mate every day and never even know it. Members come from all over the United States and beyond, in over 230 countries! 
Easy on the pocket
It's free to create your profile, post photos and search for members. And if you don't want to wait by your InBox for someone to contact you, you can take the initiative and start contacting people right away when you upgrade to a premium membership at a low monthly fee - it's less than the price of two movie tickets and popcorn! 
Kick up your feet
Our secure online server makes dating at AmericanSingles.com anonymous and safe, so you're free to sit back, relax and meet people from the comfort of home or office, anytime of day or night. 
No more wasting precious time
...and no more blind date blahs! Thanks to our detailed profiles - with photos, essays and all kinds of personal tidbits, you can check out members before you email and then get to know them online before you meet. Plus, we have a unique matching system to give you a hand. 
It's not how you look -- it's how you feel.
Meeting people online lets you get to know each others attitudes and humor and what you love about life before deciding whether or not you like each others hairstyle. So, let the real you shine and get to know people in more meaningful ways.
Get the inside scoop on dating
At AmericanSingles.com, you can enjoy reading smart, amusing and witty content, including articles on dating and romance, advice from our relationship-savvy experts and bi-weekly newsletters to keep you in the loop. 
Easy-to-use features 
Create a profile - It's simple to get started and be fabulous in your profile. Just answer a few questions, write something wonderful about yourself, and post up to 4 gorgeous photos. Within minutes and at no cost, you've joined the scene!
Search – how you find what you're looking for
Just enter the characteristics and desired location of the person you want and get ready to be wowed.
Email - how it really works
Once you have your profile up, other members can start emailing you and you can write back to those you choose. If you're not interested, you can easily decline contact and remain anonymous. After the initial contact, you can go back and forth to see if you want to take it to the next level. And once you set your premium membership, you can send the initial email to anyone you're interested in.
Instant messaging - Instant gratification!
See someone's profile that you're just dying to meet? If they're online, send them an instant message and see if sparks fly.
Real-time chat
Check out the scene from home or office. In your business or birthday suit, make yourself at home. We're open 24/7.
Who's online
See photos and profiles of everyone who's online. Add people that you're interested in to your "favorites" list.
You can take advantage of us! 
 	
Our customer care consultants are available round the clock to help you find that special someone. Call toll free anytime with questions about: 
How to work the site,
How to make the site work for you
Your profile
Uploading photos
How to get someone to notice you
How to meet someone
And anything about love... 
Customer Care Consultants Toll free: 1-888-854-3803 
